Update Hook Guides with Basic Auth updates (#4453)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/event-hook-implementation/main/index.md

1. Click the **Actions** menu for this hook, and select **Preview**.
1. In the **Configure Event Hook request** section, select an event from the **Event Type** dropdown menu. In this example, there's only one: `User deactivated (user.lifecycle.deactivate)`.
1. Select a previous recent event (in this case, a user deactivation) from the **System Log Event** dropdown menu. The **Preview & Deliver Event Hook** section populates the JSON body of the event hook. If no event is available, the JSON body populates with sample data.
1. If no event data is available, you need to populate the JSON body of the preview with the `target` object. Click **Edit** and add data similar to:

    ```JSON
    "target": [
            {
                "id": "00u3m90rsKgGQ0G6L1d76",
                "type": "User",
                "alternateId": "john.doe@example.com",
                "displayName": "John Doe",
                "detailEntry": null
            }
        ]
    ```

1. Optionally, click **Edit** to modify the JSON body call for other testing scenarios.

> 1. Go to your Glitch application, opening the log console (**Tools** > **Logs**). Ensure your application is listening for requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to your Glitch application and open the log console (**Tools** > **Logs**). Ensure that your application is listening for requests.
```

> 1. Click **Deliver Request**. The event hook preview displays the status request as either successful or a failure. Check your Glitch application console. The following message should display if successful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Deliver Request**. The event hook preview displays the status request as either successful or a failure. Check your Glitch application console. The following message should appear if successful:
```
